32
C:\>help
ATTRIB		Displays file (name provided as input) attributes.
CD		Displays the name of or changes the current directory.
CD.		Prints working directory 
CD..		Change directory to previous directory
CD\		Changes directory to root directory 
CONVERT	    Asks two types and converts extension of all files of one type to another type.
COPY	    Copies one file in the current directory to another location (directory).
CREATE	    Creates a file with the name provided and allows the user to enter contents of the file. 
DEL		Delete a file whose name is provided in input.
DIR		Displays a list of files and subdirectories in a directory.
EDIT	    Opens a file (loads into a linked list) and allows the user to edit
EXIT		Quits the program
FIND           	Searches for a file in your current virtual directory whose name is provided as input.
FINDF	Searches for a text string in the currently open file or the file whose name is provided as input.
FINDSTR        	Searches for strings in all files of your current virtual directory
FORMAT	Formats the current virtual directory 
HELP		Provides Help information for all these commands.
LOADTREE	Load a given tree in your tree structure. Given tree is in a file named tree.txt		
MKDIR		Creates a virtual directory.
MOVE	Moves one file from one directory to another               directory.
PPRINT	Adds a text file to the priority based print queue, and displays the current priority queue. 
PROMPT	Changes the Windows command prompt
PRINT		Adds a text file to the print queue, and displays the current queue. 
PQUEUE	Shows current state of the priority based print queue, with time left for each element
PWD		Prints working directory
QUEUE		Shows current state of the print queue, with time left for each element
RENAME	Renames a file whose current and new name is provided as input.
RMDIR	Removes a directory along with its contents. Consider setting the respective sibling links 
SAVE		Saves the currently open file to disk.
TREE		Displays the complete directory structure.
VER		Displays the version of your program.

